词汇：
增强现实	AR Augmented Reality
虚拟现实	VR Virtual Reality
		2D/3D
		Metaio
技术支持	technical support engineer
		image tracking technology
出国签证	visa
工资		salary
公道（工资）	sutable?
母语		first language/mother tongue
普通话		Mandarin
广东话		Cantonese
广州（旧称）	Canton



句型：

my major is

I take the coding responsibility of one module

good training, good pay, and good people to work with



遇到困难时：
I have no idea of it now. Can I reply you later by email? 

Would you please say it in other words?

Would you please speak a little bit louder/slowly? I can not hear you clearly. 

I can't speak fluent english ,but I'll try my best to let you understand what I mean

sorry, I forget the detail


话题：
*Start
(Hello!)(It's me.)You can call my Sunkay. 26 years old.


*Statement:My Enlglish:
To by honest,I can't speak fluent english ,but I'll try my best to let you know what I mean.Maybe sometimes I would use short phrases instead of scentences. 
And, would you please speak a little bit slowly? 


*My Skills:
I think I'm suitable for this job.I have a technical background（include C++,adobe Flash,Android,IOS,also simple web development） and the ability to translate english to chinese ,and the ability to deal with clients. I can speak two kinds of Chinese language,Mandarin and Cantonese(south of china hongkong,mercao).

我会Flash游戏、IOS、Android、PC、简单的网页开发。



*When and What I learn about AR
我大概09年开始接触AR 当时没有成熟的框架 当时用过FLARToolkit FLARManager ARToolkit这些SDK，还用过OpenCV



*My previous company
In June 2011，I joined a company called VTRON as a android/IOS software engineer.

a leading technology company that specialize in visualization systems and solutions

video-wall systems

After 2 years working for this company, I left because there's no more mobile projects in the company. If I prefer to stay,I have to do other jobs that I'm not good at. And the second reason, my wife was pregnent,6 months,

*metio的技术


*做过的项目

*AR技术

*技术的不同点







nice to talking to you.